README.md, before:

User Experience (UX)

User stories

First Time Visitor Goals/Needs
As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the organisation.
As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily navigate throughout the site to find content.
As a First Time Visitor, I want to look for testimonials to understand what their users think of them and see if they are trusted. 
I also want to locate their social media links to see their followings on social media to determine how trusted and known they are.

Returning Visitor Goals
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find information about tickets and pricing.
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with the organisation with any questions I may have.
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find community links.

Frequent User Goals
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any newly added artists or features.
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any new announcements.

Design
Colour Scheme
The two main colours used are white and blue and black for the font.

Typography
The Oswald font is the main font used throughout the whole website with Sans Serif as the fallback font in case for any reason the font isn't being imported into the site correctly. 
Oswald is a clean font that I find attractive and appropriate.

Imagery
Imagery is important. The large, background hero video is designed to be striking and catch the user's attention. 
It also has a popular edm song playing in the background that will grab the viewers attention.

Wireframes
Desktop/Laptop Wireframe - https://www.figma.com/file/VKebMcOSMv7kaCPIMLpeu0/Blasket-Island-Music-Festival?node-id=1%3A4

Mobile Wireframe - https://www.figma.com/file/Xnqd0QtC3BAGwYKfHXUx5o/Festival-Mobile?node-id=0%3A1

Tablet Wireframe - https://www.figma.com/file/6DWJYLz2AQcwiKTOvCF4x4/Festival-Tablet?node-id=1%3A3

Features
Responsive on all device sizes

Interactive elements
A hamburger dropdown menu is used in the tablet and mobile version of the webpage.

Technologies Used
Languages Used
HTML5
CSS3
Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
Bootstrap 4.4.1:
Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
Hover.css:
Hover.css was used on the Social Media icons in the footer to add the float transition while being hovered over.
Google Fonts:
Google fonts were used to import the 'Oswald' and the fallback font 'Sans Serif' font into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.
Font Awesome:
Font Awesome was used on all pages throughout the website to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
jQuery:
jQuery came with Bootstrap to make the navbar responsive but was also used for the smooth scroll function in JavaScript.
Git
Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
GitHub:
GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
YouTube 
YouTube was used to get the hero video (ultra miami trailer)
Figma 
Figma was used to creat my template/wireframes and to make my idea come to life.
FreeLogoDesign
FreeLogoDesign was used to create the organisation logo that can be found in the header and the footer.
Testing
The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project.

W3C Markup Validator - Results
W3C CSS Validator - Results
Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
First Time Visitor Goals
As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the organisation.

Upon entering the site, users are automatically greeted with a clean and easily readable navigation bar to go to the page of their choice. Underneath there is a Hero Video from YouTube.
The user has a few options, navigate to the gallery , lineup or ticket page or they can stay on the home page and watch the video teaser and read down the webpage.

The site has been designed to be fluid and never to entrap the user. At the top of each page there is a clean navigation bar, each link describes what the page they will end up at clearly.
At the bottom of the first 3 pages there is a logo which the user can click on to redirect them to the home page, there is also the organisations social links.

As a First Time Visitor, I want to look for testimonials to understand what their users think of them and see if they are trusted. I also want to locate their social media links to see their following on social media to determine how trusted and known they are.

Once the new visitor has watched the hero video, they will be greeted by a little article section including an article about our Headline act, where the festival is held and an article about covid-19 related to this years edition of the festival.
The user can also scroll to the bottom of any page on the site to locate social media links in the footer.

Returning Visitor Goals
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find updated lineup etc.

These are clearly shown in the banner message.
They will be directed to a page with the lineup on a poster which was made in a 3rd party applicationn.
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with the organisation with any questions I may have.

The navigation bar clearly highlights the "Contact Us" section of the footer.
Here they message the organisation on social media or they can call/email the organisation.
The footer contains links to the organisations Facebook, Twitter and Instagram and YouTube page as well as the organization's email and phone number.
Whichever link they click, it will be open up in a new tab to ensure the user can easily get back to the website.

Frequent User Goals
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any newly added artists.

The user would already be comfortable with the website layout and can easily click an option in the menu.
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any new announcements.

The user would already be comfortable with the website layout and can easily click the social links
As a Frequent User, I want to be abel to navigate to the organisations social media easily.

At the bottom of every page their is a footer which content is consistent throughout all pages.
The footer for tablets/laptop the user can see the social links, phone number and email address.
These will be located in the middle of the footer on a mobile device.

Further Testing
The Website was tested on Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari browsers.
The website was viewed on a variety of devices such as Desktop, Laptop, iPhone 6, iPhone 8 and iPad Pro and a custom device which I own, a Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra.
A large amount of testing was done to ensure that all pages were linking correctly.
Friends and family members were asked to review the site and documentation to point out any bugs and/or user experience issues.
Known Bugs



Deployment
GitHub Pages
The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

Log in to GitHub and locate the GitHub Repository
At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
Alternatively Click Here for a GIF demonstrating the process starting from Step 2.
Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
The page will automatically refresh.
Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site link in the "GitHub Pages" section.
Forking the GitHub Repository
By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps...

Log in to GitHub and locate the GitHub Repository
At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.
Making a Local Clone
Log in to GitHub and locate the GitHub Repository
Under the repository name, click "Clone or download".
To clone the repository using HTTPS, under "Clone with HTTPS", copy the link.
Open Git Bash
Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
> Cloning into `CI-Clone`...
> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.
> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.
> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)
> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.
Click Here to retrieve pictures for some of the buttons and more detailed explanations of the above process.

Credits
Code
The full-screen hero video code came from YouTube @ Ultra Music Festival

Bootstrap4: Bootstrap Library used throughout the project mainly to make site responsive using the Bootstrap Grid System.

MDN Web Docs : For Pattern Validation code. Code was modified to better fit my needs and to match an Irish phone number layout to ensure correct validation. Tutorial Found Here

W3 Schools : For helpinng to understand the responsive side of bootstrap

YouTube : YouTube had alot of tutorials to offer to help me with my project and bootstrap. I'd like to give credit to Anna Ghilespy for her Bootstrap 4 grid system tutorial video.

Slack : I'd like to thank the fellow students on the Slack channel especially Bim Williams and Bartek Makowski. Bim helped me wrap my head around bootstrap and Bartek helped me understand Wireframing a bit more.

Content
All content was written by the developer.

Psychological properties of colours text in the README.md was found here

Media
I got all my images from Google Images
I created the Blasket Sound logo on a website called https://freelogodesign.org
I created my lineupposter on a website called https://festivalpostergenerator.com/
Acknowledgements
My Mentor for continuous helpful feedback.
The Code Institute slack channel and students who also helped alot
Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.

Commit message:

ipad/iphone responsiveness work done for gallery

README.md, after:

User Experience (UX)

User stories

First Time Visitor Goals/Needs
As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the organisation.
As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily navigate throughout the site to find content.
As a First Time Visitor, I want to look for testimonials to understand what their users think of them and see if they are trusted. 
I also want to locate their social media links to see their followings on social media to determine how trusted and known they are.

Returning Visitor Goals
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find information about tickets and pricing.
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with the organisation with any questions I may have.
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find community links.

Frequent User Goals
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any newly added artists or features.
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any new announcements.

Design
Colour Scheme
The two main colours used are white and blue and black for the font.

Typography
The Roboto font is the main font used throughout the whole website with Sans Serif as the fallback font in case for any reason the font isn't being imported into the site correctly. 
Roboto is a clean font that I find attractive and appropriate. I also used the Anton font for the H1 text on the Gallery and Lineup page, just to change it up a bit.

Imagery
Imagery is important. The large, background hero video is designed to be striking and catch the user's attention. 
It also has a popular edm song playing in the background that will grab the viewers attention.

Wireframes
Desktop/Laptop Wireframe - https://www.figma.com/file/VKebMcOSMv7kaCPIMLpeu0/Blasket-Island-Music-Festival?node-id=1%3A4

Mobile Wireframe - https://www.figma.com/file/Xnqd0QtC3BAGwYKfHXUx5o/Festival-Mobile?node-id=0%3A1

Tablet Wireframe - https://www.figma.com/file/6DWJYLz2AQcwiKTOvCF4x4/Festival-Tablet?node-id=1%3A3

Features
Responsive on all device sizes

Interactive elements
A hamburger dropdown menu is used in the tablet and mobile version of the webpage.

Technologies Used
Languages Used
HTML5
CSS3
Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
Bootstrap 4.4.1:
Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
Hover.css:
Hover.css was used on the Social Media icons in the footer to add the float transition while being hovered over.
Google Fonts:
Google fonts were used to import the 'Oswald' and the fallback font 'Sans Serif' font into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.
Font Awesome:
Font Awesome was used on all pages throughout the website to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
jQuery:
jQuery came with Bootstrap to make the navbar responsive but was also used for the smooth scroll function in JavaScript.
Git
Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
GitHub:
GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
YouTube 
YouTube was used to get the hero video (ultra miami trailer)
Figma 
Figma was used to creat my template/wireframes and to make my idea come to life.
FreeLogoDesign
FreeLogoDesign was used to create the organisation logo that can be found in the header and the footer.
Testing
The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project.

W3C Markup Validator - Results
W3C CSS Validator - Results
Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
First Time Visitor Goals
As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the organisation.

Upon entering the site, users are automatically greeted with a clean and easily readable navigation bar to go to the page of their choice. Underneath there is a Hero Video from YouTube.
The user has a few options, navigate to the gallery , lineup or ticket page or they can stay on the home page and watch the video teaser and read down the webpage.

The site has been designed to be fluid and never to entrap the user. At the top of each page there is a clean navigation bar, each link describes what the page they will end up at clearly.
At the bottom of the first 3 pages there is a logo which the user can click on to redirect them to the home page, there is also the organisations social links.

As a First Time Visitor, I want to look for testimonials to understand what their users think of them and see if they are trusted. I also want to locate their social media links to see their following on social media to determine how trusted and known they are.

Once the new visitor has watched the hero video, they will be greeted by a little article section including an article about our Headline act, where the festival is held and an article about covid-19 related to this years edition of the festival.
The user can also scroll to the bottom of any page on the site to locate social media links in the footer.

Returning Visitor Goals
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find updated lineup etc.

These are clearly shown in the banner message.
They will be directed to a page with the lineup on a poster which was made in a 3rd party applicationn.
As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with the organisation with any questions I may have.

The navigation bar clearly highlights the "Contact Us" section of the footer.
Here they message the organisation on social media or they can call/email the organisation.
The footer contains links to the organisations Facebook, Twitter and Instagram and YouTube page as well as the organization's email and phone number.
Whichever link they click, it will be open up in a new tab to ensure the user can easily get back to the website.

Frequent User Goals
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any newly added artists.

The user would already be comfortable with the website layout and can easily click an option in the menu.
As a Frequent User, I want to check to see if there are any new announcements.

The user would already be comfortable with the website layout and can easily click the social links
As a Frequent User, I want to be abel to navigate to the organisations social media easily.

At the bottom of every page their is a footer which content is consistent throughout all pages.
The footer for tablets/laptop the user can see the social links, phone number and email address.
These will be located in the middle of the footer on a mobile device.

Further Testing
The Website was tested on Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari browsers.
The website was viewed on a variety of devices such as Desktop, Laptop, iPhone 6, iPhone 8 and the standard iPad and a custom device which I own, a Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra.
A large amount of testing was done to ensure that all pages were linking correctly.
Friends and family members were asked to review the site and documentation to point out any bugs and/or user experience issues.
Known Bugs



Deployment
GitHub Pages
The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

Log in to GitHub and locate the GitHub Repository
At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
Alternatively Click Here for a GIF demonstrating the process starting from Step 2.
Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
The page will automatically refresh.
Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site link in the "GitHub Pages" section.
Forking the GitHub Repository
By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps...

Log in to GitHub and locate the GitHub Repository
At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.
Making a Local Clone
Log in to GitHub and locate the GitHub Repository
Under the repository name, click "Clone or download".
To clone the repository using HTTPS, under "Clone with HTTPS", copy the link.
Open Git Bash
Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
> Cloning into `CI-Clone`...
> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.
> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.
> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)
> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.
Click Here to retrieve pictures for some of the buttons and more detailed explanations of the above process.

Credits
Code
The full-screen hero video code came from YouTube @ Ultra Music Festival

Bootstrap4: Bootstrap Library used throughout the project mainly to make site responsive using the Bootstrap Grid System.

MDN Web Docs : For Pattern Validation code. Code was modified to better fit my needs and to match an Irish phone number layout to ensure correct validation. Tutorial Found Here

W3 Schools : For helpinng to understand the responsive side of bootstrap

YouTube : YouTube had alot of tutorials to offer to help me with my project and bootstrap. I'd like to give credit to Anna Ghilespy for her Bootstrap 4 grid system tutorial video.

Slack : I'd like to thank the fellow students on the Slack channel especially Bim Williams and Bartek Makowski. Bim helped me wrap my head around bootstrap and Bartek helped me understand Wireframing a bit more.

Reddit : Reddithelped alot for some questions I couldnt't find the answer to.

Content
All content was written by the developer.

Psychological properties of colours text in the README.md was found here

Media
I got all my images from Google Images
I created the Blasket Sound logo on a website called https://freelogodesign.org
I created my lineupposter on a website called https://festivalpostergenerator.com/
Acknowledgements
My Mentor for continuous helpful feedback.
The Code Institute slack channel and students who also helped alot
Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.
